# Summary

* The following solutions were presented and discussed:

  * Chapter 2 Exercise 8: Brian
  * Chapter 2 Exercise 9: Brian
  * Chapter 2 Exercise 10: Corrie
  * Chapter 2 Exercise 11: Konrad
  * Chapter 2 Exercise 12: Aaron

* Vasa presented the cancer rate example. The question was raised whether it's better to base your prior directly on the observed rates or only via the prior predictive distribution. Konrad pointed out that you can plot all the observed rates in one plot (as in the book) but the observed counts are conditional on the population size. 

* We decided to attempt to read all of chapter 3 for next time since it's very similar to chapter 2 (just with multiple variables). Next date: 29th May.

* The following were volunteered for next time:

  • Chapter 3 bioassay example: Corrie
  • Chapter 3 Exercise 5: Vasa
  • Chapter 3 Exercise 6: Brian
  • Chapter 3 Exercise 11: Vasa
  • Chapter 3 Exercise 12?: Konrad (take your pick)

* There are also some leftover exercises from chapter 2:

  * Chapter 2 Exercise 15: Aaron
  * Chapter 2 Exercise 19: Salma
  * Chapter 2 Exercise 20: Brian
  * Chapter 2 Exercise 21: Corrie

* Can somebody link the exercises to the sections so that we can cover everything more efficiently? 

* There was some discussion whether we want to attempt to solve all the exercises. Maybe we assign each person a random exercise? Each person picks a random exercise? We continue picking the exercises that look interesting?

* Let's give the repo some TLC, i.e. a github project page, so that we can view the html more conveniently.
